URI fragments in @type control information (#2129)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-json-format/4 Common Characteristics.md

defined in [#OData-Protocol#SystemQueryOptionschemaversion].

For non-built in primitive types, the URI contains the

> namespace-qualified or alias-qualified type, specified in the URI
> fragment (after the `#`). For properties that represent a collection of values, the

Reviewer: I stumble over the "in the" and would prefer something like

```suggestion
namespace-qualified or alias-qualified type, specified as a URI
fragment (`#` followed by the namespace-qualified or alias-qualified element type name). For properties that represent a collection of values, the
```
